Rework the dashboard setup (#335)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_setting-up-grafana-to-host-the-dashboard.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
Grafana is not included in the default {Project} ({ProjectShort}) deployment so you must deploy the Grafana Operator from OperatorHub.io. When you use the Service Telemetry Operator to deploy Grafana, it results in a Grafana instance and the configuration of the default data sources for the local {ProjectShort} deployment.

> ifdef::include_16_1[The dashboards in {ProjectShort} require features that are available only in Grafana version 8.1.0 and later. By default, the Service Telemetry Operator installs a compatible version. For more information about how to override the Grafana container image, see xref:overriding-the-default-grafana-container-image_assembly-advanced-features[].]

Reviewer: @leifmadsen 
Should this ifdef be 16? 
Or should the ifdef for the include in advanced features be 16.1?

Author: Oops you're right. I did this from memory :)  16 is proper.

Author: Fixed.

> ifdef::include_16_1[The dashboards in {ProjectShort} require features that are available only in Grafana version 8.1.0 and later. By default, the Service Telemetry Operator installs a compatible version. For more information about how to override the Grafana container image, see xref:overriding-the-default-grafana-container-image_assembly-advanced-features[].]

Author: ```suggestion
ifdef::include_16[The dashboards in {ProjectShort} require features that are available only in Grafana version 8.1.0 and later. By default, the Service Telemetry Operator installs a compatible version. For more information about how to override the Grafana container image, see xref:overriding-the-default-grafana-container-image_assembly-advanced-features[].]
```

[role="_abstract"]
Grafana is not included in the default {Project} ({ProjectShort}) deployment so you must deploy the Grafana Operator from OperatorHub.io. When you use the Service Telemetry Operator to deploy Grafana, it results in a Grafana instance and the configuration of the default data sources for the local {ProjectShort} deployment.

> ifdef::include_16_1[The dashboards in {ProjectShort} require features that are available only in Grafana version 8.1.0 and later. By default the Service Telemetry Operator will install a compatible version. For more information about how to override the Grafana container image, see xref:overriding-the-default-grafana-container-image_assembly-advanced-features[].]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ifdef::include_16_1[The dashboards in {ProjectShort} require features that are available only in Grafana version 8.1.0 and later. By default, the Service Telemetry Operator installs a compatible version. For more information about how to override the Grafana container image, see xref:overriding-the-default-grafana-container-image_assembly-advanced-features[].]
```
